Hey guys welcome back to the course so we're going to follow along section for Google autocomplete.
Yeah I know this one's pretty obvious but it's one of those ones that it's so obvious that people actually
skip it.
And obviously there's some hacks to it to make it a little bit more efficient.
Literally anyone can do this and it saves you enormous amount of time because anything that's going
to show up in Google onto search complete is something that clearly people are searching for.
So generally it's a decent opportunity.
So for me since we're focusing on my course there's a lot of different options I can use and I don't
even have to really get fancy with this one.
All I really have to do is just search the topics of the courses and see what pops up.
And that is enough to generate a decent list.
So if I of course on outsourcing I can just say let's just say outsourcing.
OK so the first three are probably worthless but that last one.
Outsourcing pros and cons.
OK.
That's that is a legitimate opportunity for a post.
I could do that.
Let's say if I was doing my web development business courses you see so we want courses can business.
OK so looks like people want a business plan.
OK so if I had a web built in business plan like maybe I can make a template and give that away I could
do it as a lead magnet or I could just do it as a like here's a free template check it out see business
names.
I know this one is actually pretty common.
I know a lot of people struggle with coming up with a name for a web development business because they're
pretty generic and a lot of people do them.
So how do you differentiate yourself.
How do you make a name that what you go off of what isn't already taken what makes sense based on the
industry.
So that one's pretty easy.
Let's see if put in business ideas business ideas for kids.
Maybe your teens are not bad.
I don't think I'd want to do it for kids or teenagers though because that's not really my market.
If I said great business ideas great small business ideas great online business.
Let's see so I could probably go see if we can do that little trick.
So this is telling me what's going to pop up in the middle.
How come up with business ideas how to develop business and generate business ideas.
So nothing really particularly surprising there.
I was a little tricky.
What am I want to do is just go more granular and focus on the individual lectures or techniques that
we did.
But if I fiddle with that enough I could probably come up something.
Let's say if we were focused on my non-technical person's guide course which is basically all about
starting a business that we're going to code it as we say without coding.
So you create a business application without coding kind of created business web site with too low coding
and generic.
So maybe not too fruitful Now when we look at our product management.
Literally say product management and see what pops up interview questions.
Yeah.
So I could make a blog post about common interview questions or I can make one about certification.
Always a big question.
Some places will certify you for product management and then obviously the question is who and is it
worth it.
Usually certification or something like that is not worth it.
But tools.
OK that's a decent one if I made a resource page listing on all the product management tools you could
do on comparing all of like the Road Map software that's out there they're just popping up left and
right so I know that that's probably something that's not saturated.
OK.
So that's a good three or four for that one let's think.
Yeah I think that would come up probably seven different ideas.
I can do for my blog right.
So there were some for outsourcing there are some for web development businesses same thing I could
do mobile app development businesses product management giving me a lot a little bit trickier business
ideas but that's just kind of the way that this works is not going to work for every single one and
that's why we're going to cover four or five different techniques.
Ok cool.
So these are some ideas that I think could work.
See you guys next Dr..